fix(sdk): force_flush returns meaningful bool on MetricReader (#5085)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#5093](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/5093))
- `opentelemetry-sdk`: fix YAML structure injection via environment variable substitution in declarative file configuration; values containing newlines are now emitted as quoted YAML scalars per spec requirement
  ([#5091](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/5091))

> - `opentelemetry-sdk`: Fix `force_flush` on `MetricReader` and `PeriodicExportingMetricReader` to return a meaningful `bool` reflecting actual export success/failure instead of always returning `True`. Also fixes `detach(token)` not being called when export raises an exception. ([#5085](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/5085))

Reviewer: > Also fixes `detach(token)` not being called when export raises an exception.
This was never an issue to begin with, why is this here?

> - `opentelemetry-sdk`: Fix `force_flush` on `MetricReader` and `PeriodicExportingMetricReader` to return a meaningful `bool` reflecting actual export success/failure instead of always returning `True`. Also fixes `detach(token)` not being called when export raises an exception. ([#5020](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/5020))

Reviewer 2: We use PR numbers in changelog entries, not issue numbers. The issue is link to in the PR description.

```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-sdk`: Fix `force_flush` on `MetricReader` and `PeriodicExportingMetricReader` to return a meaningful `bool` reflecting actual export success/failure instead of always returning `True`. Also fixes `detach(token)` not being called when export raises an exception. ([#5085](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/5085))
```
